dc-looker_pr_template_style.md, before:

### Description & Motivation
<!--
Please describe the goal of your PR. This is the intro to your PR and should allow the reviewer to quickly be able to understand the reason for opening this PR. 
If your actual code is the “how”, the description is the “what” and “why.” Include links to any tasks or documentation that may be relevant and helpful for review. 
If associated with a dbt PR please link relevant PR here for reference.
-->


### New Views & Explores
<!--
Outline the purpose, grain, core fields, and additional details surrounding the logic used in the model where relevant.
-->


### Changes to Views & Explores
<!--
Outline changes for each model that was updated with added detail about changes that were made.
-->


### Content Validation
<!--
Please share screenshots of existing reports before and after the changes you are making to show downstream impacts as well as any relevant example explores. 
Include links to test reports where relevant. For new fields and/or explores include a screenshot showing how the field(s) appear in the explore.
-->

**Before Changes**

**After Changes**

**Explore Formatting**


### Checklist
<!--
ALL ITEMS SHOULD BE COMPLETE BEFORE REQUESTING REVIEW
-->

- [ ] My pull request represents one logical piece of work
- [ ] All new fields have a description for end users
- [ ] I have reviewed and added appropriate formatting of any new fields, including view and group labels for readibility
- [ ] I have documented QA of affected explores in this PR
- [ ] My dependent dbt PR has been merged to production

Commit message:

Adding QA document to Looker PR Template

dc-looker_pr_template_style.md, after:

### Description & Motivation
<!--
Please describe the goal of your PR. This is the intro to your PR and should allow the reviewer to quickly be able to understand the reason for opening this PR. 
If your actual code is the “how”, the description is the “what” and “why.” Include links to any tasks or documentation that may be relevant and helpful for review. 
If associated with a dbt PR please link relevant PR here for reference.
-->


### New Views & Explores
<!--
Outline the purpose, grain, core fields, and additional details surrounding the logic used in the model where relevant.
-->


### Changes to Views & Explores
<!--
Outline changes for each model that was updated with added detail about changes that were made.
-->


### Content Validation
<!--
Please share screenshots of existing reports before and after the changes you are making to show downstream impacts as well as any relevant example explores. 
Include links to test reports where relevant. For new fields and/or explores include a screenshot showing how the field(s) appear in the explore. QA Workflow document
can be [referenced here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hkok6qewy0Ba6SaQFKhLHOVAz4qYeF-fVBalmPuE8tY/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.l92c7y7d7r6a)
-->

**Before Changes**

**After Changes**

**Explore Formatting**


### Checklist
<!--
ALL ITEMS SHOULD BE COMPLETE BEFORE REQUESTING REVIEW
-->

- [ ] My pull request represents one logical piece of work
- [ ] All new fields have a description for end users
- [ ] I have reviewed and added appropriate formatting of any new fields, including view and group labels for readibility
- [ ] I have documented QA of affected explores in this PR
- [ ] My dependent dbt PR has been merged to production
